what's up LEGO Club members I'm Scott
and this is the LEGO Club show in
today's show we're going behind the
scenes of the new Bionicle movie and
talked with writer Greg varsity travel
to San Diego comic-con to meet Michael
Dorn the voice of Mata Nui we're gonna
look at some really cool creations and
some awesome never-before-seen
animations and more so let's go
Lobby if there's one
you guys know max from the LEGO Club
magazine right but did you know he has
adventures of his own let's go check one
out right now
here at the LEGO Club show we're always
thinking of new ways to do different
stuff with Lego well here's one idea we
think you might like called how many
bricks hey guys
we're here at junction skate park where
we're gonna find out the lego building
and skateboarding have in common let's
head on it
hey Dan what's going on hey how's it
going Scott good to see you
what are you up to I just finished
building this ramp rad I love building
can I give you a hand yeah I'm just
gonna clean up you want to bring the
two-by-fours over there yeah
well then this place is awesome did you
find that growing up playing with Lego
bricks helped your creativity at all
yeah definitely I mean when you're a kid
you got a pile Legos and trying to make
something happen something you kind of
visually seen and you try and recreate
it's the same way with skateboard ramps
over the years to see different things
you want to skate or see something a
video that you want to reach
and you just try and put it together
with you material you have read that you
still play with Lego bricks yeah I have
two sons can you play Legos almost
everyday
so now that we're here we've got all the
room we've got our boards let me ask you
one question sure how many bricks do you
think you can Ollie let's find out
well I'm done let's see what Dan and the
rest of the guys can do
how many do you think it is 93 all right
I was out 12 bricks or something I was
out in the first round dan made it five
times as many 69 bricks but J
ninety-three bricks it's got to be a new
world record or something congratz day
stay tuned to LEGO Club comm for more
from this super-awesome episode of the
LEGO Club show